Uber Service profile- Support team

App- Only service app

Objects-Account- R , COntac- R, E. Dwlivery agent- no permission, Uber order- Delete permission

Tab-Account - off , COntact on, Delivery agent- On, Uber order off

create

 Uber marketing profile with app lvel security - only marketing app and service app.
 Object level- Case - Edit permission, Account no permission, Food item- delete permission,
 tab level permission- case off, account on, food item off




in Uber VIP team profile- Disable access to marketing app, and provide only read access to Campaign object, remove access to Food items object and 
turn off the food item tab.

Create a permission set to VIP team lead, that will enable him to access marketing app  and provide  Read, edit, access to campaign object.
 Read and create access to Food item object. Enable the tab for food item object in permission set

--> Create a profile called as Uber reviewer and provide as Food item with Read, create and edit permission. Turn off the Food item tab in profile.
--> Create a permission set that enables second user to have read, create , edit and delete permission on food item object.
--> Disable the Profit field for Uber reviewer profile and enable read permission for the profit field  in Permission set.

Record Level Secutiry:
 1 --> Organization wide defaults
  2-->  Role Hierarchey.
  --> Sharing Roles.


2 --> Role Hierarche: sharing Settings
 
Create a role called Sr HR and assign it as second user. Cerate a role as Jr HR and assign admin user to it
Create an object called as salary and make it private in OWD settings
records of JR.HR


--> create a task in uber order for collecting customer review when uber order status is delivered



Dear Contact.lastname, 

Welcome onboard!

Your contact details as per our records is as follows, you may change it from our portal as necessary.

Mobile- 123

Email-1@1.com

Regards,
Uber team
--> Object Relationship(Later topic)

Approval Process

create an approval process for uber order if rating is below 3. level 1 manual, level 2 crm manager. only juinor executives need this approval process


Object Relationships:

    --> Determine parent and child objects.
    --> Have to create relationship field in the child object.

1- Mastere and Detail.
2- Lookup Relationship.
3- External Relationship.



1- Master and Detail:(Parent n Child relationship)
   Standard objects can never be  Detail  
  if u delete the parent record automatically child record will be deleted.
  the relationship field is mandatory.
  Tightelt coupled
   Junction objects.(child will be having two masters)
--> if child object has records we will not ablet to create MnD rel for 
   sol: 1 --> create lookup rel b/w master and related obj.
        2 --> give the valu for lookup field in all  the related obj RECORDS. (Data import)
        3 --> Convert lookup to master-Detial.

Roleup 

2- LookUp:
   Standard obj can be Master or Detail.
   if u delete the parent child record wont be deleted,
   relationship field is not mandatory.
   Master 
   Loosely coupled.


 
--> create formula field called as uber expected profit as a guidance to sales agents while inducting a restaurant/ food item into the chain. 

juinor sales agent 8 % from restaurant price

senior sales agent 15%
in food item


--> If case type equals mechanical,chnage priority to medium --type n priority.


create a record type for uber order called as corporate order
in uber order add two new fields called as Credit limit , balance due
these two fields should be available only in Corporate order layout
for normal orders these two fields should not be present
--> Normal orders.


--> Create a report with uber orders with reward points in Report type. Add columns like Total order value, Priority, Status, from Uber order.
Add columns like total reward points, expire date from reward points
user profile
second user

Create a report with uber orders 
Add columns like total reward points, expire date from reward points
In field level security remove access to expire date for second user profile
Create dashboard using this report and make it available for second user


--> Chatter --> Standalone application,
Tabs in multiple applications
Profile

--> Group.
 ha loged into salesforce chatter.
licenese called as Salesforce external chatter.

--> Queue is container in SF, where you can use it to store records from diff obj's. 
THese queue can be created for diff teams and can help process team's work in streamlined fashion














